God is good.
And all the time, He's a good God.
What an honor it is to be with you in the presence of God today.
And we just joined together with all of our locations.
Come on, can you welcome here at Grantsville, every location.
Welcome to Church of the Highlands family.
We love you with all of our heart.
And I am just so excited, so fired up to be with you just to celebrate today.
of the goodness of God.
Thank you for being in church.
Thank you for just worshiping with all of your heart.
And God, we thank you for your presence today.
I want to pray for us.
God, we are just, we recognize right now we are standing in a moment where you are present.
We welcome you here.
Every room, every location, every correctional facility online around the world.
God, we're in a moment of your presence.
And God, we say thank you for being a good, good God.
God, touch us today, mold us today from the power of your word.
We want to leave here looking more like you in Jesus' name.
Everybody said, amen.
Come on, put your hands together one more time.
Awesome.
All right, we're about to get in the Word of God before that high-fiber neighbor and say, welcome to church.
From the person on your right, the person on your left, you can have your seat.
That's awesome.
Well, y'all, I had a wipe a few tears away actually backstage before I came out.
How powerful was that moment?
And just so much to celebrate across church life, so much to celebrate of what God's doing in all of our lives.
Y'all even have a lot to celebrate from yesterday.
Every team in the state of Alabama and Georgia won those games yesterday.
I pray differently on Saturdays now.
I want everyone to come to church happy on Sunday.
And so such a joy, joy, joy to be with you today.
I love you with all of my heart, Jill, and I love you with all of our heart.
And we just love the way God is moving right now in our church.
If you have your app for notes today, please pull that out.
You're definitely gonna wanna take notes today.
Today's gonna be a whole lot of fun as we dig into the Word of God.
Really a Bible study today, hopefully very practical as well, but we're gonna study our Bible today.
And that app lets you, if you pull those message notes, lets you follow along with us in that.
And if you are new with us today, we're so glad you're here.
Once again, I know you're welcome to every location, but I'm so glad you're here today.
Thank you for being a part of this moment, whether in person or online.
But we are now in week eight of a nine-week series called The Goodness of God.
And so we are just celebrating God's goodness.
And I've been excited about this day.
I know your campus pastor has already kind of shared the big idea today.
But today is a day of celebration.
Come look at your neighbor and say, we're going to party today.
Come on, because Jesus, our God is a God that celebrates.
And that's the big idea today is our God is a God of celebration.
And again, if you're new at highlands, you just got to know this is the perfect day.
This is just kind of who we are.
We love to celebrate at Church of the Highlands.
This is not a sad church.
We are proudly boldly a happy church.
Not that everything's always going amazing.
We all go through tough situations.
Life is real.
We talked about suffering last week.
But in the middle of that, we choose joy at Church of the Highlands, which I don't know about you, but is very different than the church I grew up in.
We did not choose joy.
It felt like we chose to suffer during church.
And church was not happy.
Church was kind of solemn, which is something kind of almost to endure.
And you know, there was a few sins in church.
My grandmother, she briefed me on these every time I sat next to her in the back pew on the right side, which is where she sat every single Sunday for all 102 years of her life.
And these were sins in church.
You will not talk in church.
Anybody else ever get that talk?
You're not going to talk.
But a bigger sin was you're not going to chew gum in church.
That would felt like that was like the ultimate sin.
And then for her, the biggest sin was if the preacher went long, because then she didn't get out before the Baptist and she got to the restaurant late.
And so that was the church I grew up in.
It was like God was kind of the Wizard of Oz, super mysterious, kind of behind the curtains.
He's pulling the strings, but you're not really sure what he's all about.
The church I grew up in, maybe this is different for you, but the Holy Spirit was on a permanent vacation.
Never really heard much about the Holy Spirit.
And it really felt like Jesus was the security guard.
He was the one that was kind of in the middle of it, checking it all out.
And so I was just, I really celebrated when church was over, but come on somebody, church is not sad.
Psalm 122 one says, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord.
If you love your church, can you put your hands together and let's celebrate that this is not a sad church.
And Jill and I came to Highlands back in 2001.
And it was very different.
The experience was immediately different.
I pray it's still this way.
I know it is at every location.
You drive in that parking lot back for us at the beginning.
It was at Mount Brook High School.
And the first person you see, the amazing parking team and the brightest color on planet Earth, that yellow.
And what are they doing?
They are smiling.
I mean, the first thing you receive when you come to Church of the Highlands is they smile from the parking team.
You come in the doors.
And if you're a parent and you have kids, it's that glorious moment where you get to drop your kids off at Highlands Kids.
Any parents thankful for highlands kids out there?
Can we just thank God for that team?
And then grab a cup of coffee, and then we can drink coffee in church.
If you don't know that, you can do that.
You could even chew gum.
There's no gum police.
Please don't spit it or stick it.
But coming in the doors with the amazing greeters and then praying that every time you're here, we always start with a praise song.
Always start with a praise song, just thanking our God for who He is, worshiping God, enjoying
His word.
Come on, this is even a church.
This is kind of an announcement here.
This is even a church where we combine church and movies.
Y'all do know, at the movies, it's coming back in three weeks.
And that was a way to get to this announcement, which is a whole lot of fun.
We are going to have the series we've had here traditionally coming up in three weeks.
I'm so excited about it.
Next week, we'll finish out this series.
Week after that, Pastor Chris is going to share an amazing kind of standalone message.
And then three weeks from now,
We are kicking off at the movies and just another example of how we like to have fun in church.
And we will do anything, and this is what you need to hear.
We will do anything possible to reach people and to let them experience the God that has changed our life.
Amen, everybody?
And so church is not solemn, and really that's because God is not solemn.
I wanna just, again, grab your app.
We're gonna get into the word of God today.
There are so many examples of God celebrating throughout the Bible.
And as I was studying, I gathered a ton of them.
and we could have taught any of these today.
We see early on in the Old Testament how the Israelites are rescued from Egypt and they go through the Red Sea and on the other side of that, what do they do?
They celebrate the goodness of God.
We see David literally dancing in the Bible.
He's dancing before the Ark of the Covenant and they tell him to stop dancing.
He's like, I will not stop celebrating.
I will even become more undignified than this.
In the New Testament, so many celebrations.
We see Jesus sitting at a table
At Matthew's home with sinners and tax collectors celebrating with people that he loves so much.
We see the prodigal in the parable of the prodigal son.
We see the father celebrating when the son comes home.
And y'all do know that heaven throws a party.
That's right, I said a party.
Every time a single person gives their heart to Jesus.
I mean, what a beautiful picture of our God who loves to celebrate.
And just got to testify here for the last 24, almost 25 years, every single Sunday here at Highlands.
Heaven has gotten through a party.
We have never had a Sunday here at Highlands where somebody, to God be the glory, did not give their heart to Jesus.
That's worth celebrating.
What I want to teach is really kind of in the, and I think this is powerful because it's two stories, one in Genesis, one in the book of John, where we see the first moments of celebration in the Bible.
And there's so much we can learn when we see a first moment in the Bible.
So I want to go all the way to Genesis 1-1 and really to show how God's goodness
is celebrated throughout Scripture.
And of course, you know this verse in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
That creation, God creating is powerful to understand because God didn't just make the world.
He could have, without emotion, without passion.
He could have just built the world like, I'm a dad of four boys.
We have built a lot of Legos at my house over the last 17 years.
Isn't it interesting, at least for me, maybe you love Legos, I'm not the biggest fan of the process of building it.
I'm really just building it to get finished with it.
The building process is not emotional.
It's like, let's just get done with this.
And there's page after page, Brock after block.
That is not how God made the world.
Church, you need to know this.
He created the world.
The word is Barai in the Hebrew.
He poured his passion and his goodness like an artist creates.
God is a creator.
He is an artist.
He poured his goodness into this world.
So he didn't just make light.
He made color.
I mean, the orange of the sunset and the sunrise, the blue of the ocean.
Our God is a good God.
He didn't have to do any of that.
That's why I want to highlight here.
He didn't have to paint the world like literally like the most beautiful painting and the green of the forest.
He didn't have to do any of that, but he did.
You know, he didn't just make humans.
He made image bearers.
He put his image inside of us.
Anybody thankful that the breath of God lives inside of us.
He poured himself into us, his goodness into us.
He didn't just make food, he created flavor.
I know we love this one in the South.
God could've just made eating functional, because we need to eat to live, we need calories to live, but he created flavor.
He created barbecue.
And I gotta testify, I had some barbecue from The Shack in Talladega, Alabama yesterday.
And you probably don't know, but you should know, it's worth a drive.
And I did not get paid for that endorsement, all right?
It was that good.
Come on, God created queso, the gift of God.
I mean, chocolate chip cookies.
I'm having fun with the highlight.
He's an artist.
He poured his goodness into the world.
God didn't just make sound.
He created music.
God didn't just make animals.
Thank God he created dogs.
And I do have to pause here, because I've been getting some hate mail.
People are convinced I hate cats.
No comment, but God did create cats as well.
All right, so that's all I'm gonna say.
And he didn't just make time, he made weekends.
And for us to enjoy this rhythm of Sabbath, we'll talk about it a little bit later, and just, hey, everybody, God's a good God.
But here's the key.
He teaches us from the very beginning.
Number one, he's pouring his goodness into creation, but he stops and he celebrates it.
After each day, what does the Bible say?
He reflects, what does he say?
It was good.
God saw that it was good.
More than an observation, this is the first celebration,
And this was actually revelation for me.
I've been studying the Bible my entire life and did not know this until this last couple of weeks studying for this.
This shows us church and this just proves that we're supposed to have fun in church.
The first emotion of God, the first emotion of our God in the Bible is joy.
And God saw that it was good.
God made the world very good like a chef creates food.
May they may eat some of themselves, but a chef, you know, a cook is just cooking, maybe functionally.
But a chef, like an artist, creates a meal for others to enjoy.
Y'all, that is our God.
And he celebrates the fact that we're all gonna get to enjoy those sunsets.
We're gonna get to enjoy the ocean, the forest, the flavors, each other.
Come on, God is a good God.
So that's where we see celebration first in the Bible at the very beginning.
I mean, it's in the first story, what's really cool and powerful.
So this is big for us.
This is, I believe with all of my heart, God's trying to catch our attention.
And I'll talk more about that in just a minute of how important this is.
Because the very first story of the ministry of Jesus is also a story of creation and celebration.
The greatest goodness of God without a doubt is the fact that he sent himself, his son Jesus to the earth.
John 3 16, you know it.
If you grew up in the South, you know this Bible verse.
Listen, Tim Tebow did not write this.
This is in the Bible, all right?
John 3 16, for God, so what?
love the world that he gave as only one and only son, his goodness in himself.
He gave himself, whoever believes in him, shot not Paris, but have eternal life.
So we see Jesus born, and we've talked about this in this series, and he grows, and then he launches his ministry at age 30.
And the first story we have is a miracle at a wedding in Cana in John chapter two.
I won't read the story today, go read it, where he comes to this wedding.
Again, just a reflection here.
We could talk about celebration all day.
It's everywhere in the Bible.
Jesus demonstrates the first place he goes
in his ministry is a party.
He goes to a week-long Jewish wedding celebration full of people, full of, they had great food, enjoying each other.
And of course along the way, if you know the story, at one point during the week, the wine runs out.
The party's about to end.
Jesus could have let it end.
He even says it's not yet my time.
He says that to his mom.
She's like, do something about it.
He's like, mom, this is not my time.
Yet he refuses for it to end.
He turns that water into wine.
He expresses his goodness, the first demonstration of his power, the first sign in the book of John.
And it's not just average wine, this is what the Bible says in John 2-10.
Everyone brings out, this is the master of the ceremony is reflecting.
Everyone brings out the choice wine first, then the cheaper wine, after all the guests have had too much to drink, but you have saved the best till now.
It is celebrated.
Bottom line, what is this teaching us?
Write this down in your notes.
Really, again, these two stories, but what is the Bible teaching us about celebration?
Our God is good and He is the God of celebration.
One more time today, God is good.
Come on with all of your heart.
God is good.
And all the time.
And God's goodness is meant to be experienced.
Our key verse for the series, Psalm 34, eight, taste and see that the Lord is good.
Blessed are those who take refuge.
Blessed are those who experience it.
His goodness, tasting and seeing it.
And here's the key for today.
Celebration.
does just that.
It allows us to taste and see the goodness of God.
Every location, please, everyone looking up here right now, just open your heart up to this.
I've been praying for this revelation for all of us.
We are so busy.
Life is happening so fast.
There is so much pain around us.
We can be surrounded by the goodness of God.
Look at me church and we can miss it if we don't stop and celebrate.
Celebration is really a gift of faith that God gives us to push away the business, to push away the pain and to say in the middle of it, around it, you are a good God and we are going to celebrate that goodness like we just saying, come on somebody, all the days of my life, I'm not gonna miss it.
And this is huge because celebration as an act of faith allows us to go through all of this life and yet experiences goodness every single day.
This is huge.
I do believe this is a lost art, if you will, especially for Americans 2025 because we are so busy.
We got so much going on and God is trying to catch our attention in the Word of God today and say, hey, just stop, celebrate, enjoy my goodness and it will change not only
Not only the things around us, it changes our perspective, but it changes our hearts.
It allows us to experience God in a powerful way.
This is what the great theologian Dallas Willard said.
He said, celebration is the completion of worship.
For it dwells on the greatness of God as shown in His goodness to us.
We engage in celebration when we enjoy ourselves, our life, our world, in conjunction with our faith.
It is all about faith and confidence and who God is.
His greatness, His beauty, and His goodness.
This is less of a theologian, but y'all, this next quote is just as powerful.
This is from a guy named Ferris Bueller.
Some of you are like, thanks for Ferris.
I promise you in the history of the world, Dallas Willard has never been followed with Ferris Bueller, first time ever right here.
Life moves pretty fast, doesn't it everybody?
And if we don't stop and look around once in a while, we are gonna miss it.
So that's what the gift of celebration really is all about.
So here's what's cool, and this is where we're gonna get practical today.
God,
is so good.
He knew we would struggle with this.
So he didn't leave us in our struggle.
He gave, he stepped into humanity and he gave us a framework for celebration.
Now in the Old Testament, this actually was a part of the law.
This is how how how excited God is about celebration.
He put it into the law for the Israelites.
You are going to celebrate.
I'm going to require you to celebrate.
And the way he did it in Leviticus 23 is he instituted seven
yearly festivals or fees.
Y'all, he didn't got good.
He knew he would struggle with it.
And so he gave us his framework.
Now the good news for us as followers of Jesus, we do not live under the law.
Can I get amen right there?
We live under grace.
So these were all just a shadow and I just got to testify here.
We'll even pray this at the end.
Everything we have access to is through Jesus.
Jesus perfectly fulfills, well, number one, Jesus celebrated these festivals and then he fulfilled these festivals.
This is powerful, Matthew 5, 17.
It tells us this, do you not think I've come to abolish the law or the prophets?
I have not come to abolish them, but to fulfill them.
That is good news, everybody.
But here's what I want you to catch.
And if you've been around highlands, we have other models of this, see how the Old Testament is still a framework for us.
So I'm y'all are familiar with the tabernacle prayer.
What come away about me?
We no longer need a tabernacle.
We no longer need that protocol to get in God's presence, but that is still a helpful framework for us.
So we no longer are under the law in these feasts, but I think this is so much fun.
They are still a helpful framework for us.
They're gonna help us today, each one with a very, in a very practical way of how we can live in a rhythm, a discipline, a life of revelation, of celebration.
And again, these are powerful, I was gonna say, they're not all like crazy revelation.
They're simple, and I think in that is actually the power of it.
So there are seven feasts, just for time's sake today, we weren't gonna look at the first four,
All four of these happen in the spring, and these are all very important in, again, in Jewish tradition, but very important for us.
The first one is the Feast of Passover.
The Feast of Passover, which comes from Leviticus 23.5, says the Lord's Passover begins at twilight on the 14th day of the first month.
And simply put, this festival for the Israelites was a chance to remember and celebrate how God had rescued them from Egypt.
and how the angel of death passed over their homes because of the blood of the lamb on the doorpost, remembering how God rescued them.
For us, we celebrate.
Will we learn from that?
We celebrate by remembering God's goodness in our lives.
And again, I told you, these aren't crazy revelation, but these are incredibly powerful for us.
So even right here in this service, I also want to take a moment
I want to lean in for a moment and for us just to remember the goodness of God.
For the next 10, 15, 20 seconds in your own heart right now, can you just reflect on God's goodness in your life right now?
I mean, we all have breath in our lungs when we woke up this morning.
Think of a situation or a moment this past week.
Can we think of just the goodness of God in our family right now?
Just a situation or a moment.
I mean, listen, we all have a list of complaints.
Let our list of complaints never be longer than our list of praise.
Come on, somebody, God is a good God.
Come on, think of the goodness of God in your past.
I know I don't deserve to be here right now.
I've done many things that would disqualify me from being a follower of Jesus or from preaching or doing everything else that God loves us.
And he covers us with his grace and he blesses us and he allows us to walk with him in relationship.
What a powerful testimony of our God.
Can we just thank God for the goodness of God in America?
And listen, there's a lot of negative things going on, but we are free to worship him.
Come on, we're in a building right now with air conditioning.
Yeah, put your hands together.
We got a lot of things to be thankful for.
And listen, remembrance is always combined with, it's good to remember what you combine it with Thanksgiving and it's activated into celebration.
And when we do, it just pushes us into God's presence.
In fact, Psalm 100, enter his gates with Thanksgiving and his courts with praise.
God loves when we thank Him.
God loves when we praise, but God also knows how healthy it is for us.
Incredibly simple thought, but I bet there's a good chance we're not all doing this.
Here's the celebration practice daily for us a moment where we remember and give God things.
Now, will that change the things happening around us?
Probably not, but it will change our experience of those things.
You know, I think all of us love holidays.
We don't have the seven festivals.
We have holidays.
Everyone has their favorite holidays.
I'm giving you a chance to make some noise when I shout out your holiday.
So where are my Christmas people at?
So if you're at Grant's Mill, you need to know your campus pastor, Blake Lindsay, is Elf from the movie Elf.
He literally loves Christmas.
That's his favorite.
He was over here screaming the loudest.
Maybe you love, I don't know, Valentine's Day, you can Valentine's Day people.
Yes, what I thought.
Okay.
Okay, you're in church.
We all got a screen right here.
You might love Easter.
Of course we love Easter.
How about the Fourth of July?
Am I the Fourth of July?
It's so much for all these great holidays.
My favorite is Thanksgiving.
We're all my Thanksgiving people out.
Here's why I love it.
I'm going to pass this on to you.
I think this is wisdom.
I love it because you have football, food, and no presents.
So there's no pressure.
So you just get to eat as much as you want.
You get to watch football and then none of the pressure of having the right gift and all that stuff.
And I just love the weather this time of year.
All the things, and of course, you gotta love the food.
My dad always smokes a turkey for us, for our family gathering at their house, and it's just my favorite.
Y'all, my plate, there is no, you cannot, you know, big plate, you cannot see my plate.
Anybody else out there, you're just gonna, Jill can't let her food touch together.
I'm convinced of this, that all the cash rolls are good alone, but once they mix together, it's just one big good cash roll.
That's disgusting.
The meal is great, I'm just, I'm reflecting, the meal is great.
But it's the atmosphere around it that makes it amazing.
Because our family, probably like you, do something like that.
We all do something like this, kind of go hoo-veal for a moment.
Right before the meal, we grab, everybody's ready to eat.
It could be just functional.
It could just be on the calendar.
We grab hands.
We take 15 or 20 minutes.
And every single person from the youngest to the oldest goes around and thanks God for something this past year.
And then we pray over that meal.
And come on, it changes the atmosphere.
I'm telling you in your quiet time tomorrow morning, maybe
Maybe two or three times a day at lunch in the evening reflecting.
Come on, somebody, God has been so good to us.
Let us not forget to thank Him.
That's the first festival.
Here's the second one again.
These aren't crazy revelations, but these are powerful and they're disciplines we can build in.
This is a lesser known festival.
It was called the Festival of the Unleavened Bread.
It actually happened the day after Passover.
So on the 15th day of the month of the Lord's Festival of Unleavened Bread begins, for seven days you must eat bread without yeast.
on the first day hold a sacred assembly and do no regular work.
So, a lot I could say here, but what's important to know is this actually represented, they left Egypt, the Israelites left Egypt, they didn't even have time for their bread to rise.
It was unleavened, it was without yeast.
And the Bible that represents spiritual purity, God was rescuing them from slavery.
He was saying, you're never going back, you're going forward with me.
But what I think is so powerful, we just read it at the end right there, is that for the Jewish people this day, this celebration begins and ends with rest.
Write it down, we celebrate by resting in God's goodness.
Hebrews 4 and 9, there remains in a Sabbath rest for the people of God, for anyone who enters God's rest also rests from their works just as God did from his.
Now we are gonna talk not today as much for time, but even in 2026 in a huge way, it is on my heart to teach on physical rest on the principle of Sabbath.
Wouldn't you all agree we need to learn how to rest a little bit better?
But what I really felt led to lean into today is this, and this is really a celebration for us.
That rest physically is, it's important, but it's really only powerful if our rest starts spiritually.
That ultimately we are able to, all rest is a by-product, true, like soul, body, spirit, rest, is a by-product of that Sabbath rest in Hebrew 19, which is this, we rest in the finished work of the cross.
The greatest statement probably in the entire Bible is when Jesus says, it is finished.
And now we have nothing left to earn with God.
We have nothing left to prove with God.
We are, hey, look at me church, you're loved, reconciled.
And if you've asked Jesus in your heart, you are a redeemed child of God.
Can we put our hands together and celebrate that?
And the turmoil and the striving and the feeling that we are the ones, there's two ways to live church.
Like this, it's all on me.
It's my effort, my strength.
And even if we go on vacations, if we live like this, we will never rest.
Or in faith, we do this.
And God, I'm trusting you.
I'm gonna rest in the finished work of the cross.
This is what Tim Keller says in Christ.
Oh, this is so good church.
We can rest from the crushing burden of self-salvation.
We no longer have to do that.
Listen, we are living not under the law, but under grace.
And I just felt it even in my heart, middle of this message, right now in this moment.
I don't know who this is for, you are exhausted in church today.
And again, faith and celebration is connected to our faith as an act of faith and celebration, even right now in this moment.
In fact, can we all put our hands like this?
I don't know who this is, not for everybody, but just so we all do it.
Can we put our hands like this?
Some of us came into church like this, calling a Jesus name right now, receive His rest, open your hands.
Take that deep breath.
We can rest in the finish.
Work of Jesus.
Can we thank God?
Thank you, Jesus.
And we're going to have a moment of prayer in a second just to again to celebrate what he's done for us.
We never have to go back to slavery.
We would now rest in him.
Here's the third celebration.
You all enjoying this?
Isn't this fun?
I mean, I don't want to end church.
We're just going to throw a party today.
Listen, potluck lunch after church.
We didn't plan for it.
We'll figure it out.
All right.
Here's the third.
Here's the feast of first fruits.
And this would have been a few days after that second feast on 11 bread.
It says, when you come into the land and reap its harvest, bring to the feast a priest, a chief of first fruits of your harvest.
The first fruit of the Jewish harvest was typically barley.
They would take the first kind of bushel of barley, whatever, and they would take it to the priest.
Really cool.
The priest would wave it before the Lord and they would say, we're giving you our first and we trust you with the rest.
We rely on you.
And church, this one is huge.
We can celebrate every single day by relying on God's goodness.
And I know you've seen an illustration like this before, but I have a chair on stage just to kind of prove this point.
Okay, we all, you're sitting in a chair.
We all sit in chairs every single day and not one of us, even with that, like, blink when we sit in that chair.
Wow, we were relying on a chair.
We just trust the chair.
has got our backs.
I'm gonna sit in this chair just to say three things that we can rely on and we can trust no matter what we're going on in our life.
You all ready for this?
God has been good.
Secondly, God is good.
Thirdly, God will be good.
We can rely on Him.
And God is showing us in first fruits.
He's showing us that generosity or when we give first to Him,
We are celebrating this truth.
God, we give, we live a generous life because you have been good, you are good, and you're gonna be good.
And we are putting every time we trust God with our first, we are putting our lives squarely in his hands.
It is a beautiful way to live.
The happiest people on earth aren't the ones who have the most.
but those who live faith-filled, generous lives.
And honestly, the biggest party here at Highlands is the fact that from the beginning, this was always in Pastor Chris' heart, and we're gonna live this out for the next 25, 50, 100 years till Jesus comes back.
This is a first-fruits church.
We give God our first, and we trust Him with the rest.
We give God the first of our time, and we're a pray-first church.
We seek Him first.
We go to Him first.
We trust Him.
We worship Him.
Come on church.
We are a God you get the first of our time church.
God you get the first of our talent.
We're letting you redeem us.
Show us how we can make a difference.
We all have things that we do.
Those things are all important, but the most important thing we do is we bring glory to God through serving on the dream team, through leading our families, through representing Him at work, representing Him at school.
It's an honor to give God the best of our talent.
And we even honor God with our treasure.
We give the first of our income, how it's just a sign, God, we trust you with this and we're trusting that you're gonna bless the rest.
We're relying on you and we get to celebrate that.
You're our God and we're in good hands.
An amazing story I heard from our Daphne campus a few weeks ago.
We start all of our meetings on Tuesday.
The first meeting we do in the office is we look back on Sunday and we just ask ourselves the question, you know, how can we celebrate what God did and then how can we always get better?
How can we always pursue excellence?
But we always start the meeting celebrating what we call mission in the middle, what it's all about.
And this story was shared from our Daphne location a few weeks ago.
And I just think this is the perfect picture in every way of who we are as a church.
And church, we've got to keep, we've been living it.
Let's keep being a first fruit church.
God, you get the first of my time, every day.
God, my talent is yours.
I'm going to use it for your glory, wherever I am.
I mean, I can be where I want to be, but where I am, I'm going to use it for your glory.
And God, you get the first of my treasure.
It's an honor to give to you.
to trust you with that.
And when we do, it's a celebration.
Listen to this story.
This is Tommy who's been with the Daphne campus since the very beginning, helping launch the campus in the summer of 2018.
He jumped all in and now serves on the outreach and resource team.
He loves helping people and even loves stuffing worship gods.
I love that because every God he knows is a person.
It will be handed to a person.
Tommy's passionate about growing in his faith.
He shared when I graduated high school, I could hardly read, but since joining this church,
and being encouraged to take next steps in my faith, I took reading seriously and now I read all the time.
It is a miracle from God I can do this.
Through family trials and health challenges, Tommy has persevered and continued to serve at our campus and community.
He's never complained and has never asked for anything more than prayer.
Even in difficult financial seasons, he would show up with a gift card to help other people in need.
That's just who he is.
He's a giver.
Meanwhile, Tommy was living in a small camper in extremely poor conditions.
No hot water and no air conditioning, but he never complained.
He never even mentioned it.
Once the campus realized the situation by God's grace, we as a church were able to provide him with a new trailer.
Tommy said, I couldn't have a dream.
My church would do something like this.
Honestly, it's hard for it to even sink in.
When we asked him about sharing his story, he just said, be sure you give God all the glory because God is good.
Come on, look at Tommy right here.
The goodness of God.
So he gives his first.
We as the church gave our first and what a celebration that God owns at all.
And we just get to be a part of that.
God, I'm going to give you my first.
And here's the last one that the fourth feast that I want to celebrate.
And this is a good one.
Y'all ready for this?
This is a real good one.
That is the feast of Pentecost.
50 days after first fruits to end the harvest and to celebrate the law at Sinai, Israelites held this massive feast.
But hey, church, look at me.
We don't celebrate the law on that day.
We celebrate the day that God gave us His Spirit, the day the Holy Spirit came to live inside of us.
And here's the good news that really activates this entire message.
Now joy is not external, joy is internal, and we get to live a life of celebration.
Joy now lives in us, and we celebrate by rejoicing in God's goodness.
Joy is no longer external.
It is internal.
Rejoice in the Lord always, I'll say it again.
Rejoice, the fruit of the Spirit.
Joy now lives on the inside of us.
You know the world chases happiness, hoping to find joy, but as followers of Jesus, we receive joy that produces true happiness, which we can live a means we can live a life of celebration no matter what we face, we can always choose joy.
Come on, joy is our worship.
Joy is our testimony.
Joy is our reward.
Come on, somebody.
Joy is our response.
Joy is our eternal destiny.
Nehemiah 18, the joy of the Lord is our strength.
The party lives on the inside.
And that doesn't mean everything is easy.
It means no matter what I face, I can choose joy.
And one of the greatest weapons God has given us joy is actually a superpower for living here on planet Earth.
My joy will go with you.
that God lives inside of us.
We can have joy no matter what.
We've been praying as a church as always for the global missions, but we've been praying specifically for the persecution that's happening in Nigeria right now as a church and finding great partners there to come alongside what's happening there and just do our part, which is what an honor.
But it's just had me praying for
Those who are sharing Jesus on the front lines, and I came across the story, I'm gonna share in this story, I'm gonna share stories, Tommy's or whoever's else, it's to build faith, but also to celebrate the superpower of joy today.
That somebody right now would get the joy, joy, joy, joy down in their heart.
A man named Richard Warren Braun lived in the early 20th century.
He grew up an atheist.
Complete, I mean, had proven, done the research, knew without a shadow of a doubt, God wasn't real.
Until he was 23 year old,
23 years old, extremely successful, woke up one morning and recognized that the sadness and weight and heaviness he was carrying in the hopelessness of his belief, it was going to crush him.
He was having these literally suicidal thoughts.
In the middle of all that pain, he met Jesus and was radically saved.
He began to preach.
This is now in the 1920s, 30s, and come in the
in the Soviet Union, so communism, it's illegal.
He ends up getting arrested, going to jail.
He spends years in prison.
When he gets out, he forms the voice of the martyrs, which is still an amazing ministry that does so much for the persecuted church around the world.
But y'all, just get this in your heart today.
This is what he wrote about his time in prison.
Since they took from me everything they could, but there remained one thing they could not take, Christ, joy in my heart.
It was strictly forbidden to preach to other prisoners.
It was understood that whoever was caught doing this received a severe beating.
A number of us decided to pay the price for the privilege of preaching.
So we accepted their terms.
I love this.
We preached and they beat us.
We were happy preaching.
They were happy beating us so everyone was happy.
Come on, Joyce, that's super power.
I can go through anything.
The joy of the Lord, alone in my cell, cold, hungry, and in rags, I dance for joy every single night.
The joy of the Lord was my strength.
I have known happiness such as no one on earth can understand who has not suffered for Christ.
We'll put your hands together and celebrate the gift of the Holy Spirit.
The greatest goodness of God is his son, Jesus.
And I love that Jesus celebrated these festivals.
Can I tell you what's even more powerful?
He fulfilled them.
He made a way for us to remember, which means we can experience to rest
when he made a way for us to rely to receive the power of God.
So demonstratively did he do this?
That church, Jesus, owned Passover the night before, which is when, of course, the day starts in the Jewish tradition.
He celebrated with his disciples the last supper.
And he said, what do this in remembrance of me?
And on Passover day, the next day, he died on that cross.
He then went into the tomb on the festival unleavened bread.
You know where Jesus was?
He was resting in the tomb in the finished work that he had done on the cross.
Hey, church, guess what day he resurrected on first fruits.
A demonstration, I'm coming out of that grave.
Nothing can keep me.
I have now conquered death.
The first fruit of now, we all get to experience and come on.
He sent us the Holy Spirit on Pentecost.
Jesus is the fulfillment and he is good.
God pray for us today just to receive what God has done for us.
God, we thank you for your presence right now.
Let's let the Holy Spirit minister to you.
And we just stand right now in your goodness.
I feel like I'm on assignment in this moment to come back to what I said earlier in the beginning of the message.
Don't miss it today.
His goodness is all around.
He wants you to taste and see.
Don't miss it.
For some of you, that means salvation today.
God is speaking to your heart.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
Don't miss this moment.
We're not going to embarrass you.
Call you to the front.
I want to pray at every location right now for anyone who you just, I don't, the message is free.
You already know it.
Don't miss it.
This is your moment.
You know today is the day of salvation or even rededication.
Pray this with me and mean it in your heart.
Just say, Jesus today, I give you my life.
I'm asking you to forgive me of my sins, my mistakes.
I repent and I receive you as my savior.
and my Lord.
And now I'm asking you to fill me with your Holy Spirit.
So I can live for you for the rest of my life.
God, thank you for those who are literally tasting and seeing your goodness right now in their life, that area of salvation.
For the rest of us, I don't know what don't miss it means, but I know there is a lot to celebrate.
And even in this moment, I wanna pray for us, but in this moment, as we did earlier with our hands open wide, can we just remember God's goodness?
And we're gonna walk out into a crazy world.
We choose this moment to thank Him, remember and thank Him.
Going right now, we rest in this goodness.
I can't do it, so I'm gonna stop striving.
I'm gonna trust God.
Trust God in my family, trust God in my financial situation, my relationships.
God, we rely on you.
Because of that, God, we're gonna give you our first this week.
First of my time, first of my talent, first of my treasure.
And all of that because your power lives inside of us.
God, we receive fresh and new the power.
of the Holy Spirit, the spirit of joy inside of us.
We love you today.
You're an amazing God in Jesus' name.
Everybody said, amen.
Can you put your hands together to celebrate all those who you just made?